oh yeah in this very funny vocabulary
pack seen from friends Rachel is
embarrassed to go running with Phoebe
because she runs really weird our method
is really simple first you're gonna
watch the video and try your best to
understand we have English subtitles
then you're gonna learn a ton with a
lesson that we prepared with all the
most important vocabulary pronunciation
grammar and culture nuts and finally
you're gonna watch the scene one more
time without subtitles
this time understanding drastically more
than before if you like these lessons we
create them every week so please take a
second to subscribe to our Channel and
if you know anybody who would love them
as much as you please share I have to
tie my shoes so you go ahead I'll catch
up okay okay
[Music]
you guys I'm telling you when she runs
she looks like a cross between Kermit
the Frog and the Six Million Dollar Man
Monica had such a crush on him
she's the kiss his poster every night
before she went to bed
did you also have his album it's not
easy being green so Phoebe runs weird
huh yeah yeah you know what and I know
she's gonna want to run again I just
don't I don't know how to get out of it
I mean I live with her why don't you
just be straight with her tell her the
truth huh you're right you're right I
should just tell her the truth hey hey
hey this Monica trip me I don't think I
can ever run again ever why why would
you do that I don't know but um I'm
sorry that I hurt your ankles ankle
we'll see
[Music]
it's me I saw you grab your running
shoes this morning and sneak out you
lied so you could run by yourself no no
Phoebe no I was no you know what I was I
was actually just checking to see if I
couldn't run great so I am NOT an idiot
hey baby can I talk to you for a second
sure okay look I just wanted to say that
I'm sorry okay I handled the situation
horribly and and I should not have lied
to you so what should you have done well
I should have told you the truth uh-huh
which is you know the reason that I
didn't want to go running with you is
because um well you know the way that
you run is just a little so well it's
embarrassing people were looking at us
like we were crazy why do you care
because they're people but people that
you don't know and will never see again
yes but still they are people with eyes
I didn't get embarrassed running next to
miss but oh okay no no I can see why
running with me would be embarrassing to
you yeah okay you're uptight I am not
uptight man that's okay Rachel I'm not
judging you that's just who you are
me I'm more free you know I run like I
did when I was a kid because it's the
only way it's fun you know wait didn't
you ever run so fast you thought your
legs were gonna fall off you know like
when you were like running toward the
swings or running away from Satan the
neighbor's dog
Hey
I have to tie my shoes to tie my shoes I
have to tie my shoes so you go ahead
I'll catch up go ahead used to give
permission to do something in
conversation this gives permission to
the other person to speak but in this
example Phoebe is saying literally to go
in front for example the boss told me I
can go ahead and leave early today to
catch up to move faster in order to
reach the person or vehicle in front of
you for example if you don't hurry you
won't catch up with him when she runs
she looks like a cross between Kermit
the Frog and the Six Million Dollar Man
a cross between X & Y something you have
said to be a cross between two things or
two people it means it has
characteristics of those two things or
people for example many people say that
Australian English is a cross between
American and British English rachel says
that TV runs like a cross between Kermit
the Frog and the Six Million Dollar Man
Monica had such a crush on him to have a
crush on someone is to have a secret and
strong attraction for or desire to be
with another person for example Rick has
a crush on Lucy and is planning to ask
her out did you also have his album it's
not easy being green
the joke here is that Rachael and even
us would believe that Monica had a crush
on the Six Million Dollar Man but when
she says that she had a copy of it's not
easy being green we realized it was
actually Kermit the Frog who she had a
crush on and I know she's gonna want to
run again I just don't I don't know how
to get out of it I mean I live with her
to get out of an obligation is to avoid
doing something that you're expected to
do for example I promised my niece to
take her out to the zoo and I can't get
out of it now Marnie just be straight
with her to be straight with someone's
to be honest with someone for example
she's always been straight with you so
she deserves you also be honest with her
tell her the truth tell her the truth
tell her the truth
you're right I should just tell her the
truth hey Monica trip me trip someone is
to cause someone to fall by putting your
foot in front of the other person's feet
[Music]
why would you do that I'm sorry that I'm
hurt your ankles an ankle is the joint
between the foot and the leg I saw you
grab your running shoes this morning and
sneak out sneak or snuck in the past is
to walk quietly especially on tiptoes
then nobody sees you this fur becomes a
phrasal verb when you combine it with
particles like for example an oar out
which means sneaking into or out of a
place respectively
for example she snuck out of the house
late at night when her parents were
sleeping you lied so you could run by
yourself by yourself just to be alone
without anybody's help or company for
example he built the entire house by
himself I handled the situation horribly
to handle it to react to something or
deal with a situation for example he
definitely could have handled the
situation better but I understand how
he'd get so mad though I get embarrassed
running next to miss miss or missed or
something
you sometimes call a person miss or
mister followed by a word that describes
them in some typical way for example we
can humorously call someone who is
always late because he's stuck in
traffic mister stuck in traffic
yeah okay you're uptight uptight someone
who's uptight tight is the opposite of
relapsed isn't able to relax it's always
worrying about something and getting
upset over small things for example I
know she's a responsible student but
even during vacation she was uptight
about an exam three months from then I
am not uptight man that's okay every
time not judging you that's just who you
are to judge is to form an opinion about
something or someone judging someone
usually carries a negative connotation
as the option signifies you reach a
conclusion about this person without
knowing them well for example they all
judged him when you join the class but
shortly afterwards he showed that he was
a brilliant student didn't you ever run
so fast you thought your legs were gonna
fall off to run so fast you think your
legs are gonna fall off if something
falls off it means that it is caused to
be separated from something larger or
simply that it falls from a place but in
this sentence BB tries to paint a vivid
image of how you might feel when you run
really fast you know like when you were
like running toward the swings or
running away from Satan to run towards
or away from something towards and away
from our adverbs of direction that are
added to burbs of movement run in this
case to move towards something means to
get closer to it while to move away from
something means to increase the distance
between you and an object place or
person often as if escaping for example
she's running towards the water she's
walking away from the danger swings are
a toy for children that are usually
found on playgrounds which consist of a
seed and two ropes that hang from a bar
Satan is the most powerful spirit of
evil and many of the world's religions
the joke here is that Phoebe paused
after saying running away from Satan
which is a really crazy thing to save
before saying the neighbor's dog to
stare if you stare at someone you look
at that person for a long period of time
in the scene the girls run in such a
weird and funny way that they get a lot
of stares when they are out in the
public
for example everyone stared at the
people who had the accident but few
helped graceful is with elegance and a
skilful manner for example her dance
moves are so graceful Hey look out
floors to look out for something is used
to tell someone to pay attention at his
or her surroundings in order to avoid a
particular danger for example if you
continue down this street look out for
the dog I have to tie my shoe so you go
ahead I'll catch up
ok ok
[Music]
you guys I'm telling you when she runs
she looks like a cross between Kermit
the Frog and the Six Million Dollar Man
Monica had such a crush on him and she's
the kiss his poster every night before
she went to bed so happens album it's
not easy being green so Phoebe runs
weird huh yeah yeah you know what and I
know she's gonna want to run again I
just don't I don't know how to get out
of it I mean I live with her why don't
you just be straight with her tell her
the truth you're right you're right I
should just tell her the truth hey hey
hey this Monica trip me I don't think I
can ever run again ever
why why would you do that I don't know
which one I'm sorry that I hurt your
ankles ankle we'll see
[Music]
it's me I saw you grab your running
shoes this morning and sneak out you
lied so you could run by yourself no no
Phoebe no I was no you know what I was I
was actually just checking to see if I
could please Rachel I am NOT an idiot
hey baby can I talk to you for a second
sure okay Fiat look I just wanted to say
that I'm sorry okay I handled the
situation horribly and and I should not
have lied to you so what should you have
done well I should have told you the
truth
uh-huh which is you know the reason that
I didn't want to go running with you is
because um well you know the way that
you run is just a little so well it's
embarrassing people were looking at us
like we were crazy why do you care
because they're people but people that
you don't know and we'll never see again
yes but still they are people with eyes
well I didn't get embarrassed running
next to Miss
but oh okay no no I can see why running
with me would be embarrassing to you
yeah okay you're uptight I am not
uptight man that's okay Rachel I'm not
judging you that's just who you are
me I'm more free you know I run like I
did when I was a kid because it's the
only way it's fun you know wait didn't
you ever run so fast you thought your
legs were gonna fall off you know like
when you were like running toward the
swings or running away from Satan the
neighbor's dog
hey doors
did you love this lesson then remember
to click here to join our free
three-part mini course
teaching you English with your favorite
TV series